Dare to touch my little sister
You don't want to live, mom?
This is the Lu gangster I told you about.
Fourth brother hurry up
Hurry up and take your poor fourth brother to get out of here
Let's go to Shenyang.
The Lu family came from a poor family
If you provoke the Shen family, it will definitely detonate
Fourth brother, I don't want to stay here anymore
Take me home
Okay, you remember it clearly for me.
It's your Shen family
I also have a relationship with our Lu family
Hmph, just like you kitten
Don't get involved with our Shen family
Oh, thank God.
Hey let's go
Qinghuan walks the fourth brother to take you home
Aunt and brothers are in a hurry to leave
Fourth brother
Can I ask what's going on in our family now?
Mom and Dad like to pick up junk and raise pigs in the country
Big brothers like to move bricks
The second brother is a homeless person
The third brother likes professional art
But it's not very professional either.
As for your fourth brother, let me
Now I plan to finish molesting all the beautiful women of that fish
Okay, it's still 4 brother who is awesome
This is not the price in the south city.
At least 2 million a rich area?
How did it go?
Fourth brother
We live here
Mom and Dad usually live in the country
Aren't you back?
I plan to move to a house in the south of the city for a while
Well, if you think it's too small, we'll exchange it for a big one.
You go go go go go
I'll show you
Hey
Send your mother to welcome home
This is what's called poverty